

<!-- Objective: Design and implement an interactive web page using HTML and CSS. The web page is a basic library system, containing a navigation bar, a table of books, and a registration form. -->

<!-- Design a Sticky Navigation Bar (30 marks) : 
        1. Use CSS to create a sticky navigation bar at the top of the webpage. The navigation bar should include two links: "Books" and "Register". Make sure the navigation bar remains at the top of the page even when scrolling.
        2. On the click of books, take the user to the books section and on the click of register make sure to take the user to the re==form section. (Hint: You can do this using ids and smooth scrolling
        3. Style the navigation bar to your liking. You can be creative with the colors, typography, and layout. -->

<!-- Create a Table of Books (30 marks): 
        1. Create a table displaying a list of books. Each row in the table should include the following columns: Book ID, Title, Author, Genre, and Availability.
        2. Embed a nested table within each cell of the "Title" column. The nested table should include additional information about the book like Publication Date, Page Count, and ISBN. The nested table should be visible without any need for user interaction
        3. Populate the table with at least 5 rows of your own data. Be creative-->

<!-- Design a Registration Form (25 marks): 
        1. Create a registration form with the following input fields: First Name, Last Name, Email, Date of Birth, Age, Password, Confirm Password. Each field should be correctly labeled.
        2. Make sure that Age has a minimum value of 5 and a maximum value of 100. Age input should be of the type of number.
        3. Make sure all the values in the form are required.
        4. Styling of the form can be as your liking as well. The form should look -->

<!-- Overall Design and Creativity (15 marks): 
        1. Your webpage should have a cohesive design. The choice of colors, typography, and layout should create a visually appealing and user-friendly experience. -->

<!--  Notes:
        1. You have to use Google Fonts to enhance the typography of your webpage. Be sure to validate your form inputs. For example, the Email field should contain a valid email address, and the Confirm Password field should match the Password field.
        2. Your submission should include a github repository and a deployed link, the github repo must contain atleast two files: an HTML file and a CSS file.
        3. You will be marked on both the functionality and design of your webpage, so make sure to test your webpage thoroughly before submitting.-->

<!-- Relevant Links: 
        UI Inspiration: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1dzSOyRKrNAVHFIq_4md1Onl1H6YxV8tU/view-->
